docs: update images using latest UI screenshots (#1992)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/user_guide/projects.md

![The Unleash admin UI with the "Projects" nav link in the top bar highlighted.](/img/projects_button.png)

> The available projects will now be listed. To create a new Project – choose the “New project”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI shows the currently available projects. To create a new project, use the “new project” button.
```

## Change project for an existing feature toggle {#change-project-for-an-existing-feature-toggle}

> If you want to change which project a feature toggle belongs to, you can change that from the feature toggle's configuration page. Under the "Settings" tab, choose the _project_ option and choose the new project from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change which project a feature toggle belongs to, you can change that from the feature toggle's configuration page. Under the "Settings" tab, choose the _project_ option and choose the new project from the dropdown menu.
```
```suggestion
If you want to change which project a feature toggle belongs to, you can change that from the feature toggle's configuration page. Under the "Settings" tab, choose the _project_ option and choose the new project from the dropdown menu.
```
```suggestion
If you want to change which project a feature toggle belongs to, you can change that from the feature toggle's configuration page. Under the "Settings" tab, choose the _project_ option and choose the new project from the dropdown menu.
```
```suggestion
If you want to change which project a feature toggle belongs to, you can change that from the feature toggle's configuration page. Under the _settings_ tab, choose the _project_ option and choose the new project from the dropdown menu.
```
